EziSocial-Plugin
================

EziSocial Plugin is powerful plugin written in C++, Java and Objective-C language. It can be easily integrated in Cocos2D-X gaming projects. EziSocial plugin uses common development code for both Android and iOS Cocos2D-x project. So, there is no duplicity of code and you need not to worry about portability issue at all.  There are some basic features of EziSocial Plugin, we will cover them one by one in detail. In case, if you want to explore it first then you can just download the sample code, compile it and run it our your devices or emulators. Here is the download link for the demo application.  Facebook Login via Facebook Logout from Facebook Get user details Open Facebook Page Auto check Facebook likt to your page, when user come back to your game from your page. Check Facebook like to your page anytime during the time app is running. Get the list of friends of the user who are playing your game Post message on the user’s timeline. Auto post message or achievement on user’s timeline without notifying him. Post Score – uses advance feature of Facebook Score Graph API. All scores are stored online at Facebook.com as per Facebook. Get high scores – fetch the scores of the friends of the user playing same game in unsorted order. You can sort it at your end. Tweet - Uses native twitter client of the device to tweet message on the user’s timeline. Internet Connection - allows you to check the internet connection anytime in the game. It also gives option to you to check that if a particular website is reachable or not. Email - Allows you to preconfigure the mail and allows user to send the mail to you or their friends. To read about how to use each feature, please visit www.ezibyte.com